Nice move.
This dress is the illegitimate child of an overseas wealthy family
Shang Yue got it right
This is what caused the original
The man behind the death of the Lord's father
Quality careful
This is a murderer without blinking an eye
Mainly not that he killed the original owner's father
The original owner will not get money from the rich family
Reduced to the city to sell himself for a living
Don't call the police
I'm not a bad person.
No one has the word bad written on their face
I am a school Xiao Yi
My father's illegitimate son
I hid from them to kill me
I can really tell, this guy
Obviously he is an illegitimate child
This is the key to the school hospital
Can you help me get my clothes?
Master Xuan has not offended last month at this time
Why don't you sell him a favor?
Wait a minute.
Here's what you want.
Okay, if there's nothing else, I'll go first.
What happened today
It's okay, I'll pretend I haven't seen you
Just pretend you haven't seen me
No wonder it looks familiar
It was the Normans
From the outback where Norman was ostensibly courting me
If I could hold his daughter in my hand
Then he has something to do with most of my idiots
I'll still be somewhat reliable